hey yeah this is me so I didn't go to
walgreens because truthfully I'd already
went Paula shopping once earlier this
week so I said no let's not overdo it
and I don't wanna hurt me something like
um what is your doing why are you buying
all this polish so although he wouldn't
say that but still just to help me not
go I'm just gonna say he said it only
thing is i just realized i looked in the
bag and one of my polishes is broken so
i guess I'm gonna have to go back and
get another one anyway they have um CBS
has confetti nail polish brand on sale
this week for a dollar it you don't need
a coupon or anything and there's no
limit so you can go there and get
published so i'ma go through I had
brought seven but of course the one
broke from that now i'm bout to go i'm
bout to run back up there in a minute um
and get and replace it but it's spilled
on this one y'all can see is on there so
yeah and this color is called center
stage it is a beauty full purple and
it's called center stage I hope this is
reading the right way too so yeah oh
this is a really really pretty vibrant
great purplish color excuse me I like
that one this one I don't really weird
like dark I'm not really where we it I
put it like that I don't wear ribs on my
nails right you know how when he was a
kid your mama told you I don't know if
you I was told but you were here all the
lady say girls over red polish that
wasn't for the fast tail once so I've
never been one to wear really polish i
guess that has just stuck with me but
this color reminded me of my mother so
much because she wears colors like this
like the dark plums and the dark red
where they almost look black and
burgundy
stuff like that so this is why I got
this polish I might give this to her and
it's like a a rust brown burgundy color
it has some reflex in it I'm sure this I
know this camera picking them all up but
if I could it almost look black fall off
it looks black but once you get in the
light you know you can see the red stuff
from it but this one is called
masquerade ball okay see you can see
just let me stop okay this one is a
glittery some lavender light color but
silver spec flecks in it and this is
called purple pizzazz this one is very
very pretty so there's that I like this
one I really really like this one this
is one of my favorites it's called
moonstruck it's like a light grayish
with a hint of purple in it um a hint of
its look great but you could tell a guy
like purple in it and this one is called
moonstruck Sun and the next I got a lot
of purples purple rain this one is
really pretty it's like a pinky purple
almost like a fuchsia with more purple
in it and this one is called purple
rings then the last I get where's the
lever it's like a really really purple
like lilac and this one is called bill
of the ball oh yeah
that would be my polishes oh let me see
if I can get the bag and show you the
one that broke I hate this broke too I'm
man this color is really really pretty
um I'm forgetting them I gotta let me
see if I can get the name of this one
the name of this one is called
heartthrob but it's like a it's a pink
trying to get this bad because it's
stuck in the bag now but it's a light
pink like nude color I don't know if I
can see that or not so just call hot dog
so I'm about to go get another one I cha
oh they were only about it but I swiped
my CVS car and I had a coupon for two
dollars off so it's like I technically
got two of them free so I ended up
spending five dollars instead of seven
four seven nail polishes but really now
six so yeah all right y'all I'll catch
y'all next time bye I'll pick up more
colors i'll add on to this bye yeah this
is me is ok I did go back to CVS I
replaced my own heart are polishing it's
more orangie than what is shown on this
camera but it's like a nude color so i
replaced harp it up and I got another
color hand again three more this one is
called spicy little things and it's more
orangie set team looking colors it is
not Sean
this Sean more pink on here but it's
more orange than it is um pink so
there's that one okay this one is like a
purple blue color it looks almost black
and it has very small specks of purple
and blue in it it's similar to the arm
of the uh-hmm I just went blank it's
similar to what's the colors simple
colors it simpler to the simple cabos
except these have small bits of fun
purple and very little to blue but it's
more or less blue like a dark blue oh no
that's my lunch alone right hopefully
you can see it hopefully and this one
was called smitten
so I mean I'll just get a little clearer
taco because I needed some more so that
was it all right y'all I'm very very
tired I made dinner so ah schemes
breaking it home just about that time oh
so yeah all right yeah